NodeGraph: Detect dataframes more accurately based on fields (#47213) (#48276)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/node-graph.md

Optional fields:

| Field name    | Type          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------- | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| title         | string        | Name of the node visible in just under the node.                                                                                                                                               |
| subtitle      | string        | Additional, name, type or other identifier shown under the title.                                                                                                                              |
| mainstat      | string/number | First stat shown inside the node itself. It can either be a string showing the value as is or a number. If it is a number, any unit associated with that field is also shown.                  |

> | secondarystat | string/number | Same as mainStat, but shown under it inside the node.                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| secondarystat | string/number | Same as `mainStat`, shown under it inside the node.                                                                                                                                          |
```

> | arc\_\_\*     | number        | Any field prefixed with `arc__` will be used to create the color circle around the node. All values in these fields should add up to 1. You can specify color using `config.color.fixedColor`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| arc\_\_\*     | number        | Any field prefixed with `arc__` to create the color circle around the node. All values in these fields should add up to one (1). You can specify color using `config.color.fixedColor`. |
```

> | detail\_\_\*  | string/number | Any field prefixed with `detail__` will be shown in the header of context menu when clicked on the node. Use `config.displayName` for more human readable label.                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| detail\_\_\*  | string/number | Any field prefixed with `detail__` will be shown in the header of the context menu when clicked on the node. Use `config.displayName` for more human-readable label.                               |
```
